hey everyone this is a chair jacked up
low here and for this video I decide to
show you my Christmas presents that I've
got this year so I counted them earlier
I've got about 31 or something
but anyways which probably won't be that
long of a video but just flick through
what I've got yeah well just up show you
what I've got now shudders in the way
hold on got what so DVDs have got our
Alan Carr spec sea-beast live come fly
with me D in between is movie spooky
buddies miranda series 2 and the end is
Way Is Essex series 1 and 2 and down
here I've got the Torchwood loft files
audio books and you can also see the
recording light on my camera just zoom
in so the books off got our gangster
granny Elizabeth Sladen the
autobiography and in-between this
yearbook down here I've got a D s game
which is of waverly place spellbound and
two weekends
Doctor Who return to Earth I just dance
- over here I've got chatterbox the
quick calling word game over here I've
got free body spray and shower gel sets
it's another this one a link socket one
and formed a one
over here got some sweets and chocolates
I've got a milker Santa bar so I can
stop zooming a galaxy chocolate tray log
actually collection but hold on Tobler
bone dairy milk buttons hairy Boateng
fastings he got some cosmetics and buffs
off got a face mask face mask form in a
tub of Vaseline lip balm I live over
here got a bath bomb and its hold on
oops it's Apple scented and over here
got some clothes
I've got New York hats a pair of gloves
got another one somewhere that came with
them but can't find them at the moment
and a scarf and disgust very long stand
it up it's about taller than me I'll
show how long it is
oops sorry about this won't take that
long well well this is how I could do at
the moment as you can see really long I
don't come in uniform when I go
Disneyland Paris in 27 days time so it's
not that long to go
but anyways last 3 presents got some new
pajamas 5 pairs of socks and a Tech
Center hat so that's all my Christmas
present and I hope you lot got what you
wanted what you liked for Christmas and
this is a charge actor below saying
happy new year